Update `ProjectReference` docs (#8434)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/ProjectReference-Protocol.md

  * As of 15.7, this is _optional_. If a project does not contain a `GetCopyToOutputDirectoryItems` target, projects that reference it will not copy any of its outputs to their own output folders, but the build can succeed.
* `Clean` should delete all outputs of the project.
  * It is not called during a normal build, only during "Clean" and "Rebuild".

### Targets Marked With `SkipNonexistentTargets='true'` Metadatum

> `GetTargetFrameworks` and `GetTargetFrameworksWithPlatformForSingleTargetFramework` are skippable if nonexistent since some project types (for example, `wixproj` projects) may not define them. See [this comment](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/blob/main/src/Tasks/Microsoft.Managed.After.targets#L67-L70) for more details.

Reviewer: Nit: always link to a specific commit so the range doesn't wander (like it has here):

```suggestion
`GetTargetFrameworks` and `GetTargetFrameworksWithPlatformForSingleTargetFramework` are skippable if nonexistent since some project types (for example, `wixproj` projects) may not define them. See [this comment](https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/blob/cc55017f88688cbe3f9aa810cdf44273adea76ea/src/Tasks/Microsoft.Managed.After.targets#L74-L77) for more details.
```
